I namaste my name is sahil and I'm from
you way I'm here for the 200 teacher
training course and it just feels
amazing being here everything is good
the people the food and the yoga classes
so I recommend this course to anybody
who wants to learn yoga and wants to
have a very good experience I guess this
is the place feel this is the right
place you should come and learn yoga I
recommend this because I'm coming back
here again for my 300 of course I love
the people I love the positive energy I
love the food everything of about this
place so yes if you are into learning
from my side I am hundred percent Lee
recommending this school to you that's
all I can say I'm very happy being here
it's being a life-transforming for me
and I'm looking forward to come back
again so namaste from my side